in 1986 a little mouse made a big
journey to a faraway land America what a
place
what a place but got lost along the way
he found a land of freedom a land of
enchantment and adventure
a land of new beginnings what's that
over there what that is more America
someday you will now someday is today
as Steven Spielberg presents an American
tale Fievel goes west the further
adventures of the mousekewitz family as
they meet old friends hello and new
enemies from the mean streets of New
York City pilgrim
that's right I'm talking to you to the
wide-open spaces where there's room for
one and all oh yeah yeah yeah where a
young Mouse can stand tall it's too
tough kid
get out while you still can and a
cowardly cat can get a new start as
bow-wow a dog tiger we're rootin for you
with a voice talents of dum de Louie's
that got your tongue Amy Irving anything
you said
food you place your last hand
sugar Jon Lovitz I got seven more john
cleese saliva flow and Jimmy Stewart
won't intimidate someone to Malaysia
coming Thanksgiving from Steven
Spielberg an American tale Fievel goes
west